Mar. 2020 News (#14810)
idaholab/moose: modules/doc/content/newsletter/2020_03.md

   see [vectorpostprocessors/Statistics.md].

4. An [XML](XMLOutput.md) output object was created to allow for single file VPP output.

## Improved Mechanical and Thermal Contact Jacobians

Jacobians for kinematic-formulation base mechanical contact were improved so that their accuracy is
not impacted by variable scaling. This change results in significantly improved linear and nonlinear
convergence for contact problems used in conjunction with scaling (either manual or
automatic). Thermal contact Jacobians were also improved in the month of February. We now supply
dependence of the thermal contact residuals on master-side degrees of freedom, including both
(block) on-diagonal temperature and off-diagonal displacements degrees of freedom.

## libMesh level changes

### Adaptivity with LAGRANGE_VEC

The libMesh update in the month of February enabled adaptivity with the LAGRANGE_VEC finite element
family. The update also enables used of periodic boundary conditions with LAGRANGE_VEC.

### Much faster periodic boundaries

This was actually in a previous libMesh update, but the improved performance make it worth

> mentioniong here. Periodic boundaries now use a tree-search (O(log N) complexity) instead of a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This was actually in a previous libMesh update, but the improved performance makes it worth
mentioning here. Periodic boundaries now use a tree-search (O(log N) complexity) instead of a
```

linear (O(N)) search. Consequently, MOOSE users of the periodic BC capability should expect
significant speed-up of their simulations (especially for large problems).

## Simplified TestHarness Scheduling

The parallel scheduling capability of the TestHarness has been changed to reduce potential pitfalls when
creating several related tests. Previously, the TestHarness would make all tests in a single directory

> elegible to schedule at the same time unless "prereq" parameters were added to force serialization. Now

Reviewer: ```suggestion
eligible to schedule at the same time unless "prereq" parameters were added to force serialization. Now
```
